feat: ignore unavailable users (#9406)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

If you configure `fileMatch` then it must be within a manager object (e.g. `dockerfile` in the above example).
The full list of supported managers can be found [here](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/).

## filterUnavailableUsers

When this option is enabled PRs are not assigned to users that are unavailable.

> Please note that this will only have an effect when the platform supports the concept of user availabity (currently supported by GitLab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this will only have an effect when the platform supports the concept of user availability (currently supported by GitLab).
```

> 

Author: @HonkingGoose Would be great to get some feedback on the description and the name of the option. 🙏

Reviewer: I like the general idea!

How  do you like `filterOutUnavailableUsers` or some variation on that?
Maybe saying that this option "filters out"  something is easier to understand than just "filter something"?
But maybe the word filter is enough to imply filtering out things?

Author: Sounds cool to me. I had "filter out" in mind first, but it sounded to German (my mother tongue 😀) to me, so I shortened it to just "filter"

> Please note that this will only have an effect when the platform supports the concept of user availability (currently supported by GitLab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option only works on platforms that support the concept of user availability.
For now, you can only use this option on the GitLab platform.
```

Maybe this is clearer?

Author: Yep, that's better 👍

If you configure `fileMatch` then it must be within a manager object (e.g. `dockerfile` in the above example).
The full list of supported managers can be found [here](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/).

> ## filterOutUnavailableUsers

Reviewer: That was the original idea 😄 , but I suggested that `filterOutUnavailableUsers` was more clear.
But whatever you like best goes here. 😉

> ## filterOutUnavailableUsers

Author: @rarkins You decide, I'm not sure which one I like better :)

> ## filterOutUnavailableUsers

Reviewer 2: I think `filterOutUnavailableUsers` just has too many letters and syllables, so I'd prefer the shorter one

> ## filterOutUnavailableUsers

Author: OK, changed with 9c195178ecbd9bb418db0331dff80f6fed86669e
